Pre Release v0.3.0 (#250)
modelscope/Trinity-RFT: README.md

* **User-Friendly Design:**
  - Modular, decoupled architecture for easy adoption and development. Rich graphical user interfaces enable low-code usage.

  <img src="https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i1/O1CN01Ti0o4320RywoAuyhN_!!6000000006847-2-tps-3840-2134.png" alt="System architecture" width="600" />

## 🛠️ What can I use Trinity-RFT for?

* **Train agent applications with RL and minimal migration cost** [[Tutorial]](https://modelscope.github.io/Trinity-RFT/main/tutorial/trinity_programming_guide.html#workflows-for-rl-environment-developers)
  - Implement agent-environment interaction logic in a single workflow class ([example1](https://modelscope.github.io/Trinity-RFT/main/tutorial/example_multi_turn.html), [example2](https://modelscope.github.io/Trinity-RFT/main/tutorial/example_step_wise.html)),
  - Or import workflows from agent frameworks like AgentScope ([example](https://modelscope.github.io/Trinity-RFT/main/tutorial/example_react.html)).

* **Rapid RL algorithm design and validation** [[Tutorial]](https://modelscope.github.io/Trinity-RFT/main/tutorial/trinity_programming_guide.html#algorithms-for-rl-algorithm-developers)

>   - Develop custom RL algorithms (loss, sampling and other tricks) in compact, plug-and-play classes ([example](https://modelscope.github.io/Trinity-RFT/main/tutorial/example_mix_algo.html)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Develop custom RL algorithms (loss design, sampling strategy, etc.) in compact, plug-and-play classes ([example](https://modelscope.github.io/Trinity-RFT/main/tutorial/example_mix_algo.html)).
```
